# Hammermill
For industrial-scale milling.

## How to use
1. Install the addon.
2. Make an in-game macro with the text `/click mmb`.
3. Put it on an action bar.
4. Click it. Repeatedly.

## Known bugs
* HammerMill won't mill a stack of herbs smaller than 5, even if you have more than 5 of that herb in your packs. You have to stack them yourself.
* HammerMill won't skip herbs you don't have sufficient Inscription skill to mill.
* Don't use HammerMill while a bank or vendor window is open. Clicking the button while a mill operation is already in progress sometimes results in herbs being placed in the bank or sold to a vendor.

# License
Copyright (C) 2012, Brant Bobby

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, pulverize, distribute, synergize, compost, defenestrate, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

If the Author of the Software (the "Author") needs a place to crash and you have a sofa available, you should maybe give the Author a break and let him sleep on your couch.

If you are caught in a dire situation wherein you only have enough time to save one person out of a group, and the Author is a member of that group, you must save the Author.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO BLAH BLAH BLAH ISN'T IT FUNNY HOW UPPER-CASE MAKES IT SOUND LIKE THE LICENSE IS ANGRY AND SHOUTING AT YOU.